[KYIV-2021] add Kyiv 2021 (#10126)
devopsdays/devopsdays-web: content/events/2021-kyiv/welcome.md

+++
Title = "devopsdays Kyiv 2021"
Type = "welcome"
aliases = ["/events/2021-kiev", "/events/2021-kyiv/"]
Description = "devopsdays Kyiv 2021"
+++

> ### Due to the outbreak of COVID-19, we cannot make the offline event this year.
> 
> ### Please, join us for the DevOps Days Kyiv 2020 "From Home" edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Due to the on-going COVID-19 situation, this will be an online event.

### Please, join us for the DevOps Days Kyiv 2021 "From Home" edition!
```

Reviewer: The wording change is optional ofc, but you probably want to fix the year in any case. ;)
